README.md, before:

# lambda-workflow

A simple app to showcase a local development and test with remote deplay workflow built around SAM CLI.

### Workflow
 - venv to keep python dependencies separated
 - SAM CLI with Docker to develop, test, and deploy
 - React and Webpack for the front-end

### Getting started
 - install docker through your package manager, or alternate options on the docker website
 - clone the repo `git clone git@github.com:brewencoded/lambda-workflow.git`
 - create a virtual environment `virtualenv -p /path/to/your/python2 venv`
   - find python path using `which python2`
 - enter python environment `source venv/bin/activate`
 - install dependencies `pip install -r requirements.txt`
 - install lambda dependencies `cd sam-app/hello_world && npm install`
 - install client app dependencies `cd sam-app/client && npm install`
 - run `aws configure` and fill in the information

### Running the app
 - to run the app locally: `sam local start-api`
  - go to `http://localhost:3000/hello` to access the lambda
 - to deploy to AWS: `./deploy.sh`
  - this creates a Lambda and DynamoDB on your AWS account

Commit message:

feat(build): allow stage builds
builds with stages huzzah!

README.md, after:

# lambda-workflow

A simple app to showcase a local development and test with remote deplay workflow built around SAM CLI.

### Workflow
 - venv to keep python dependencies separated
 - SAM CLI with Docker to develop, test, and deploy
 - React and Webpack for the front-end

### Getting started
 - install docker through your package manager, or alternate options on the docker website
 - clone the repo `git clone git@github.com:brewencoded/lambda-workflow.git`
 - create a virtual environment `virtualenv -p /path/to/your/python2 venv`
   - find python path using `which python2`
 - enter python environment `source venv/bin/activate`
 - install dependencies `pip install -r requirements.txt`
 - install lambda dependencies `cd sam-app/hello_world && npm install`
 - install client app dependencies `cd sam-app/client && npm install`
 - run `aws configure` and fill in the information

### Running the app
 - to run the app locally: `sam local start-api`
   - go to `http://localhost:3000/api` to access the lambda
   - unfortunately sam local seems to have some issues with dynamically allocated table names so to make the app work you will have to change the `template.yaml` so that the DB has a `TableName` and add that to the environment variable in the lambda resource
 - to deploy to AWS: `./deploy.sh`
   - this creates a Lambda and DynamoDB on your AWS account
   - use `./deploy.sh` to deploy dev
   - use `./deploy.sh prod` to deploy prod
